I'm going to keep notes here on different ways that the system can be configured.

02/08/2019:
I've just altered the crontab file to take 
pictures every 30 seconds instead of every 
5 minutes as I have been since I started 
the project. Some rough calculations, we 
were collecting 288 files a day, now we 
will be collecting 10 times that,
so 2,880 files a day. Previously, our daily 
picture storage space was ~190 MB, so now
we'll be closer to 2 GB per day. 

This means that I'll need to build in some
file management practices to keep the SD
card from filling up completely and
preventing more images from being stored. 
This will consist of automatically deleting
the oldest data folder, and I'll have
to find the number of data folders that I
can keep on the Pi at one time. 

This also means that I'll need to write 
scripts for downloading pictures from box 
for the longer-term video compilations. Woo-hoo.

I've already modified the rename files script
to only pick up the pictures every 5 minutes
for today's video that will be compiled later
tonight. That consisted of changing the regular 
expression to read in the files from accepting 
all file names (*$CAMERAEXTENSION.jpg) to 
selecting only file names with minutes that 
end in 0 or 5 (*_*-[05]-*$CAMERAEXTENSION.jpg).

In the future, I can use the old format to 
grab all of the images, or modify the above
to grab a smaller subset.

_Working on Grabbing the oldest folder for deletion_
This probably isn't the slickest way to get
the job done, but it should work. 

One can pass options to the program ls. 
	-t indicates they should be sorted by
		most recent modification time
	-r indicates that they should be sorted in
		reverse order
	-1 indicates that the files should 
		be listed one per line

The command looks something like this:

  ls -tr1

By passing these three options in conjuction,
we can have a list of starting with the oldest
files and folders and working towards the newest. 
Now we only want a portion of these, which is 
where we get to implement pipes. We pipe the 
output of the ls command to head, which only
outputs the first few lines of the input. You
can specify how few lines with the option -n. 
So with

  ls -tr1 | head -n 1

We get the oldest modified file or folder. 


_Working on compiling a week's worth of pictures_
This isn't a huge change from what we're already 
doing. Now all that we need to do is make another
loop for going through the previous 7 days and put
that into out current script, moving the iteration 
variable $ITER outside of the first loop. The only
difficult comes in identifying the previous 7 days.

Since date has a natural language processing for
processing the input when the day is specified, 
we can use that. It's just a matter of finding 
the syntax that works.

The Syntax that works is "N days ago DATE" where
N is the number of days that you want to compile
and DATE is the date that you want to end on.
One minor correction. Let's add in a time so that
it will start and end at midnight.

date --date="4 days ago 1/1/19 00:00"

02/09/2019:

I accidentally removed the files from 01/24 and 01/25 without first compiling videos for them and uploading them. These are 
good candidates for working on my code to 
download from dropbox and compile.


Additionally, an issue started showing up where
the pi is starting to run really slow and is 
missing taking some pictures because of it. This 
is an issue that only started showing up as I 
logged into the pi and started deleting files,
but even now that I'm done the issue persists. 

For the time being, as I haven't yet sorted out
auto removing files and compiling videos through box,
I think it best to reduce the frequency of pictures 
to the previous value to see if that helps.

